0 6 11 15 17 19 20 21 22 26 27 28 31 32 
“You can have unbelievable intelligence, you can have connections, you can have opportunities fall out of the sky. But in the end, hard work is the true, enduring characteristic of successful people.”
”Never limit yourself because of others’ limited imagination; never limit others because of your own limited imagination.”
“One of the most courageous things you can do is identify yourself, know who you are, what you believe in and where you want to go.”
“Sit down and ask yourself, ‘What is the most important thing to me?’ What grosses me out the most? What makes me the most upset — is it healthcare? Is it so many people being hungry in our culture? Is it sexual abuse?  Mix that with doing something you love, something you could keep doing forever and ever. For me, it was ending violence against women, and I mixed it with music. And I’ve had a 25-year career. So that’s my advice: Find something you really care about and mix that with something you love doing.”
”Don’t limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.”
"A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for."
"Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The slogan 'Press On' has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race."
"A year from now you will wish you had started today."
"The reason we struggle with insecurity is because we compare our behind-the-scenes with everyone else’s highlight reel."
"Dude, suckin' at something is the first step to being sorta good at something."
“Not one of your pertinent ancestors was squashed, devoured, drowned, starved, stranded, stuck fast, untimely wounded, or otherwise deflected from its life's quest of delivering a tiny charge of genetic material to the right partner at the right moment in order to perpetuate the only possible sequence of hereditary combinations that could result -- eventually, astoundingly, and all too briefly -- in you.”
"Man who waits for roast duck to fly into mouth must wait very, very long time.”
"You don't set out to build a wall. You don't say 'I'm going to build the biggest, baddest, greatest wall that's ever been built.' You don't start there. You say, 'I'm going to lay this brick as perfectly as a brick can be laid. You do that every single day. And soon you have a wall."
“Success occur when your dreams get bigger than your excuses."
"And after awhile, you learn that you don't need anyone else in order to survive. No one else is ever going to always be there, no matter what they say or promise you. You just gotta suck it up, accept it, & keep on keepin' on."
“Expecting the world to treat you fairly because you’re a good person is like expecting a bull not to attack you because you’re a vegetarian.”
"A man who has never made a mistake, has never tried anything new."
"An inch forward today will make a foot of a difference tomorrow"
"There is nothing to fear, because I cannot fail - only learn, grow, and become better than I've ever been before"
"It is better to be prepared for an opportunity and not have one, than to have an opportunity and not be prepared"
"You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think"
“The Pessimist Sees Difficulty In Every Opportunity. The Optimist Sees Opportunity In Every Difficulty.”
“Don’t Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today.”
“You Learn More From Failure Than From Success. Don’t Let It Stop You. Failure Builds Character.”
“Knowing Is Not Enough; We Must Apply. Wishing Is Not Enough; We Must Do.”
“Whether You Think You Can Or Think You Can’t, You’re Right.”
“The Man Who Has Confidence In Himself Gains The Confidence Of Others.”
“The Only Limit To Our Realization Of Tomorrow Will Be Our Doubts Of Today.”
“Do What You Can With All You Have, Wherever You Are.”
“For Every Reason It’s Not Possible, There Are Hundreds Of People Who Have Faced The Same Circumstances And Succeeded.”
“Today’s Accomplishments Were Yesterday’s Impossibilities.”
“You Don’t Have To Be Great To Start, But You Have To Start To Be Great.”
“There Are No Limits To What You Can Accomplish, Except The Limits You Place On Your Own Thinking.”
“Leaders Never Use The Word Failure. They Look Upon Setbacks As Learning Experiences.”
